Hi friends.
In this video, we are going to discuss about Ed obligate command with options,
action, and basic variables.
C. In our previous video we have seen in
obligate command with action and basic variables.
Now we are adding one extra part that is called with options, right?
And even before going to enter with this concept already
we know basic syntax of your Oedipus hit command.
That is simply an obligate options in single quotation,
pantheon and in curly braces action,
then you are filename.
Of course, we can also provide input from command also in this way, right?
So now we are going to discuss a boat,
a replicate command with options and action.
We're going to put pattern as of now.
I'm not going to Guzman pattern as of now, will discuss it later.
Right.
Fine.
So you know, there are different types of
options are there for your end obligate comeback,
that is hyphen F. That is just to mention what is your field separator.
Then hyphen v to define some variable value.
Then hyphen f file to specify a file that contains a public-key script, right?
Let me go with one by one step.
See here.
First the thing. It may take some simple file.
So there's winnow that by default,
AWPA will assume field separator as a space.
That means to separate your columns in a file, right?
It will assume separate drug space as a separator.
So now in this file,
suppose if I want to print a third column, right,
you don't need to mention any fields operator
automatically your end obligate command will
identify your fields based on space.
Now I'm going to print the third field or column from each of your a record.
That means from each of your line of your file.
Yes.
But the same way, suppose if we take already,
we note this simple concept we have seen somewhere, right?
So in this file, suppose I want to display first to field.
Actually this entire thing is one record, right?
Like without number of records.
So how many records are rubbing?
Quantum nine records are having in your file.
In each record, I want to display first to feel.
So here, space is not the separator,
then your ID implicate command will not able to identify what is your field.
That's why it is going to pick entitled record as a one field.
But here, the field separator,
if you observe here there is a corn is there.
Now externally you heard to mention for
rebirth and replicate command about your field separator.
That is simply with the help of iPhone f option.
Now.
Parade my fields in a myfile based on this column.
Now, this is first a field and then the second field.
Third field for Dave six.
Likewise, Now I want to display faster than simply print $1.1.
That's it.
From your file.
What happened?
Sorry, spelling mistake.
Pete. Alright, empty. Nothing.
Not only that. Suppose if you want to get this field, right,
1234550 feet first and then write comma.
And then 53.
That's it.
Right?
So that is the way how you can specify
your required field separator for your enemy K command.
Suppose, let say you have some part, right?
Yes, I assume this is also one data ROA,
let me save this intent to find or you can also use in this, right?
So these data, you can probably follow AWPA command.
No, I want to get first appeal in this record.
That is home I want to get.
So what is this operator here?
If you observe slash, then use Flash.
So now based on your requirement,
you can provide anyone of that character as you are, please Operator.
Right.
Let me take now $1.1.
Knocks it.
Sorry.
Okay.
You how feels operator heroes, right?
So before that we didn't have anything.
Let me take two because this is one separate.
Alright? So you guys,
if this is a line, let me highlight this part.
See if this is a line.
If you separate here,
then this is Foster Building second field.
Same way, very firstly,
how fields operators slashed.
So if we separate that before that empty fields operator,
then the second piece of bread and oh,
that's why you have to take dollar.
Right?
Now. Suppose I want to take EC2 as this operator.
Yes, you can take it C that you could take easy to add this operator.
Then what is the second field?
Iphone user P, The second freedom.
What happened?
I remove hyphen m.
You have to mention, I'm going to see that.
Hope I mentioned slash Also, sorry.
Only one separate, right?
Yeah, I found m.
Then you're feels operator value C, that that's it.
So it may be a character or it may be a spring, right?
That is possible with your delicate command.
So based on your requirement,
actually my intentions in this path,
if I feel these are the fields operator,
then this is faster fail,
this is remaining is secondary, right?
So that's what we are getting here.
So that is about your hyphen yep, option.
Now let me take suppose hyphen v option, right?
C hyphen v is used to define some variable.
Say suppose x equals to five.
Now I want to print you are $1.2 as well as what is the x value?
C that fight.
So I defined x equals to five,
then that value I can use in actions.
So if you want to define one more variable i and you want to
take hyphen v. Suppose let say y equals to some six.
Suppose if you want to print x and y, that's it.
So I can VIV useful to declare a variable value in what initially came.
Right?
So if I funnier for knife and we both it can include right now.
Now one more thing called hyphen.
Yep. What is this?
I am nothing is there.
Whatever the logic you are having here mode that logic,
just try to write inside of a pipe, right?
Suppose let, let say or not is one.
Plus let me write.
You can use IFF option also here.
Let me take simple thing.
And we're all those things we are going to
discuss completely with the edible stripped apart.
This is Arabic at command port, right?
Second Will you are getting is right.
My intention means the logic,
whatever you are using here, right?
I'm going to write that logic into my logic dot AWPA or my action naught AWPA.
Simply I'm using undertake parentheses,
just simply take that action.
Curly braces.
Now, a WK, iPhone f,
action dot-dot-dot AWPA than you or them 0.2x didn't see that.
So nothing is there.
Whatever you're writing inside of your single quotation,
that logic you can write into one file.
And that file you can mention with iPhone5 option.
Okay, so whereas we will discuss in detail with
ICANN IAAF option while working with the scripting part of your NLTK command.
As of now we are working with only AWPA command part.
Right?
Okay guys, this is simply about your enemy git command using options.
So most important openings hyphen, yeah.
Okay, even Ivan via Microsoft,
both are helpful by lighting scripting bug actually.
By so for your automation siding using shelf scripting, right?
Iphone app is the most important one.
So try to practice and practice with hyphen yep. Option.
Okay.
Yes. Thank you for watching this video.